moreover take up a lamentation for the
princes of Israel and say what is your
mother a lioness she lay down among the
Lions among the young lions she
nourished her cubs she brought up one of
her cubs and he became a young lion he
learned to catch prey and he devoured
men the nations also heard of him he was
trapped in their pit and they brought
him with chains to the land of Egypt
when she saw that she waited that her
hope was lost she took another of her
cubs and made him a young lion he roved
among the Lions and became a young lion
he learned to catch prey he devoured men
he knew their desolate places and laid
waste their cities the land with its
fullness was desolated by the noise of
his roar then the nations set against
him from the provinces on every side and
spread their net over him he was trapped
in their pit they put him in a cage with
chains and brought him to the king of
Babel they brought him in nets that his
voice should no longer be heard on the
mountains of his
your mother was like a vine in your
bloodline
planted by the waters fruitful and full
of branches because of many waters she
had strong branches for scepters of
rumors she towered in stature above the
thick branches and was seen in her
height
amid the dense foliage but she was
plucked up in fury she was cast down to
the ground and the east wind dried her
fruit her strong branches were broken
and withered the fire consumed them and
now she is planted in the wilderness in
a dry and thirsty land fire has come out
from a rod of her branches and devoured
her fruit so that she has no strong
branch a scepter for ruling
this is a lamentation and has become a
lamentation
[Music]